I just have nothing
none I got this job this family
but nothing lasts forever
I heard you had to leave in a hurry
it's never easy these days
so what are you going to do I've lived a
lot of lives but I'm done running from
my past
[Music]
and now you're out there I know you know
I'm out here so we gonna talk like
grown-ups is that what we are
[Music]
it's good to see you sis what brings you
home
we have unfinished business
we have to go back to where it all
started
lucky us
one thing's for sure it's gonna be a
hell of a reunion
[Music]
I'm still family back together again you
got fat
[Music]
intelligence
stamina
courage and heart
my business is dogs
he's under sized is trouble
[Music]
well good afternoon is untrainable
what does he bring to the breed the
heart of a survivor
he outran every single one of them he's
not a sled dog he's a lead dog
what we have in our children is an
epidemic the death sentence they found a
cure
round trip is 600 miles you see that
storm in the horizon only one man and
one dog can make that run he's 12 years
old
he's too old he'll never make that
distance that when warned you pumped
my guess is we don't find him till the
thought
all right Togo time for us to find out
who we are
I always thought he lived for the sled
when all along
what he lived for
with me
Hey
[Music]
this is Will Robinson of the 24th
colonist group I'm making a record of
this because it seems we're the first
humans to try and get a spaceship in a
sailboat Anchors Away
[Music]
carrot water fun we just get where we're
going once without crashing
I love you guys
[Music]
think about the robot I wish she was
here - we need to find him
we have to at least try there robot is
the key to our survival
[Music]
what the heck
everyone else they want to know why the
monster
[Music]
and leave all this behind
we have to protect ourselves
is out there somewhere
just have to find it
excuse me I didn't get a job your job is
to do nothing and touch nothing she
never likes to when someone else saves a
day
keep each other safe
[Music]
girl Robinson can anybody hear me
do we really have to do this welcome
never see whatever is going on you can
tell me that's what I'm here for
you're relatively new to the company I
mean I've been working here for nearly
two months did you're under a lot of
stress entry-level jobs in this industry
a tough right
long hours first one in last one out
good night
you're smart you have to be smart it's a
tough job but I can see that you've got
what it takes I went those new pages
where I get on a class he promised the
first day where we are 200 km to climax
maybe you could put in a good word for
you no he'll hire externally listen his
schedule is shifted to 7:00 p.m. work
what this is a turkey I said chicken
there's a coal leaning over
she's been here before a few times what
is it
the wife say he's an important meal so
he's in the screen I overreacted it was
not my place to question your decision I
will not let you down again no he can
always come to us right come to us first
okay
the last two checks don't have a name or
anything just a dollar map ignore it
okay and well you know what it's for I
wouldn't sit there never sit on the
couch here and here initial here sign
there do I need a lawyer or something do
you have a lawyer I was worried for this
girl oh I mean they were just like
laughing about it can you deal with this
hi
why me
who was that about most of my time
come on behind we're excited for you
it's a great opportunity
[Music]
what can we do do about what
years ago this area was a contaminated
wasteland now it's a desirable New
London neighborhood every young parents
try to raise their children the safe
secure environment this is my legacy
thank you thank you brother
Mustaine lashauwn's
[Music]
in your brother's go past oh it doesn't
man here is certainly kosher
as you can mine
okay I'll finish or whatever you were
involved in now it'll be like the gold
rush all over again
I want to know who they are they're
organized criminals your badges anything
you can think of the high-tech thing is
working for me now
nobody kicks her hate in this game
[Music]
we have everything you need to bring him
and everyone
this [ __ ] goes down
everyone goes on that
[Music]
family
so dry as this name I'm awakens
[Music]
you